what's up everybody it's that time again
for the diesel Dave show this week we're
going to talk about getting towed
there's good tow jobs and bad tow jobs
so I start off by telling you a story a
bad tow job story of a poor little Jeep
Cherokee that went mudding in the forest
and got a little bit too stuck take a
look
yo turned out well too right when he
told you to
damn dude holy damn that's what happens
when you go willing with Hacksaw Jim
Duggan damn dude
damn silly Jeep muttons four trucks
and that's how you drive a truck through
a puddle granted my puddle was pretty
small so if you have a bigger puddle why
don't you message me right here and
invite me to go mud with you alright
everybody now we're going to do a little
thing called the decent Dave challenge
I'm going to cruise around and find a
damsel in distress that has a flat tire
and I'm going to change that tire as
fast as I can
and we're going to see if you can change
it faster than me here we go
looky what we have here damsel in
distress let's go
when the stock barns ready set go
thanks stay still Dave no problem at
5:00 well that about sums it up for the
diesel Dave show don't forget to send me
your challenges and don't forget to
invite me to go mud bogging and most
importantly don't forget to subscribe to
the YouTube channel
you